# 16-05-2022
## Tasks to do


- Fix posters on wall to create white wallpaper
- Create frontend for fchat 2nd version
- Study Image processing
- Go to princeton Review
- Personal Work

## What did i do?
### Fix posters on wall to create white wallpaper
Done finished applying posters on the wall and have created a proper white board which can be used as a planning board to record daily actions and tasks.

### Go to princeton Review
Could not get this done as the weather was very soothing and raining the whole day and due to the absence of a mode of transport the idea had to be dropped as of today.

### Create frontend for fchat 2nd version
#### Entry 1:
The rough idea has been created on paper and this has to be implemented today.   
Now we are going to work on the design and get this done by the end of the day.

#### Entry 2:
The frontend for the groupchat is now ready and the backend can be started.Faced a minor issue during execution but the problem was solved succesfully.
The changes have been updated at groupchat branch of [fchat repository](https://github.com/aditya-adiga/fchat/tree/groupchat).

### Personal Work
Well i have given my best to complete this task and have done everything on my part and passed the request.Now the work is under review and hopefully the request will be accecpted by the participating parties.

### Image processing
Due to the amount of time consumed by personal work this task was unfortunately not completed as planned and has to be pushed to the next day.

## -ADITYA ADIGA
